Make label expression for notifications on alerts configurable (#7290)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/monitoring/05-01-alertmanager.md

|-----------|-------------|---------------|
| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.apiurl** | Specifies the URL endpoint which sends alerts triggered by Prometheus rules.  | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.channel** | Refers to the Slack channel which receives notifications on new alerts. | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.slack.matchExpression** | Defines the team route to Slack when specified matchExpression alert
appeared.  | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.routingkey** | Defines the team routing key in [VictorOps](https://help.victorops.com/). | None |
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.apikey** | Defines the team API key in VictorOps. | None |

> | **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.matchExpression** | Defines the team route to VictorOps when specified matchExpression alert appeared.  | None |

Reviewer: Please improve the description and default value:

```suggestion
| **global.alertTools.credentials.victorOps.matchExpression** | Notifications will be send for alerts only whose labels will match the specified expression.  | "severity: critical" |
```

Also apply it to slack section

Reviewer 2: I would go with
`Notifications will be sent only for those alerts whose labels match the specified expression.`
